Chengyu, in addition to picking things
I really have nothing to hide from you.
Are you sure you know anything else?
Make it clear at once
You are so kind to Jiang Yurou
It's because he used to be when you were down
Accompany you and comfort you with his singing, right?
How do you know?
And he knew?
Did Joe Mai tell him the truth?
If he exposes the idiom
That woman wasn't me
Then why are you sure?
That woman was him back then
You obviously never met when you were online dating
No? How do you know these things?
Answer my question.
We really didn't meet at first.
Then it was because I wanted to meet him
He was willing to see me
So when you see ginger down
Fell in love with him, didn't you?
I love having him by my side.
When you sing me a lullaby
Even if I don't know what he looks like
Lu Zhengyue
In fact, the lady who accompanied you back then